example: transmit file in multiple chunks and AQC streams (#381)
aranya-project/aranya: examples/rust/files/chunk_sender/README.md

# Aranya Chunk Sender Example

> A demonstration of secure file transfer using Aranya's peer-to-peer communication framework. This example showcases chunked file transmission with metadata handling, optimal chunk sizing, and secure team-based access control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to securely transmit a file via AQC with team-based access control.
Each file is split into multiple chunks which are streamed via AQC streams so that memory usage is low.
```

- **Label-Based Security**: Communication restricted to specific labels
- **Quantum-Resistant**: Uses post-quantum cryptography
- **Zero-Trust**: No implicit trust between devices

## Performance Considerations

- **Parallel Streams**: Multiple concurrent streams for bandwidth utilization
- **Adaptive Chunking**: Optimizes for file size and system resources
- **Buffered I/O**: Efficient file reading and writing
- **Memory Efficient**: Streaming approach prevents large memory usage
- **Network Resilient**: Timeout handling and retry logic

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Daemon not found**: Ensure the daemon path is correct and executable
2. **File not found**: Verify the file path exists and is readable
3. **Permission errors**: Check file and directory permissions
4. **Network timeouts**: Increase timeout values for slow networks
5. **Memory issues**: Reduce chunk size for very large files

### Debug Mode

For detailed debugging, run with debug logging:
```bash
ARANYA_EXAMPLE=debug ./target/release/sender <daemon_path> <file_path>
```

## Related Examples

- [Basic Sender](../sender/): Simple file transfer example

> - [C Examples](../../c/): C language bindings and examples

Reviewer: Don't need to mention the C example in the Rust example folder
